---
description: 'COMMITTED TO THE HIGHEST LEVELS OF CLIENT SERVICE '
dateModified: '2016-08-25T17:30:03.728Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-25T17:30:31.018Z'
title: Service
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-25-service.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# Service

COMMITTED TO THE HIGHEST LEVELS OF CLIENT SERVICE 

### Providing integrated solutions means that we offer our clients simple and transparent solutions throughout the entire project cycle.

ARCHITECTURAL BRAKE METAL 

We are able to provide fabrication for small to medium size brake metal projects, in conjunction with finishing and transportation.

Our clients will enjoy the convenience and time savings with our 'one stop shop' for both metal and finishing.

POWDER COAT 

We are fully approved and licensed applicator of the leading manufacturers of high-performance powder coatings as well as polyesters, epoxys and acrylics.

These finishes are resistant to moisture, weathering, ozone and UV radiation. Typical applications for this finish would include architectural projects that require long term cosmetic and functional protection.

HIGH-PERFORMANCE PAINT COATINGS 

Kynar 500(r) PVDF resin-based coatings provide protection against weathering, aging and pollution on buildings around the world.

The capability of Kynar 500(r) resins to deliver long-lasting durability is unmatched in the industry, and is still the architect's first choice.

Our color matching capabilities allows us to analyze and formulate thousands of colour variations ensuring we meet our clients' colour specifications.